CDRIVER-4533 Document behavior of bson_new_from_json with multiple JSONs (#1310)
mongodb/mongo-c-driver: src/libbson/doc/bson_new_from_json.rst

Description
-----------

> The ``bson_new_from_json()`` function allocates and initialize a new :symbol:`bson_t` by parsing the JSON found in ``data``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``bson_new_from_json()`` function allocates and initializes a new :symbol:`bson_t` by parsing the JSON found in ``data``.
```

If there are multiple comma-separated JSONs in ``data``, the keys from all JSONs are merged in the returned BSON.

> If the first extra character after the last JSON is ``{``, all following characters are ignored and no error is set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the first character encountered after the last valid JSON object is ``{``, all following characters are ignored and no error is set.
```
Are we sure we do not want to treat this condition as an error instead?

Reviewer 2: Formerly documented behavior permitted "only a single JSON object", meaning multi-document behavior should have technically been treated as an error (even if it actually ended up merging multiple documents, as it is now specified). I think we may be justified in taking this opportunity to explicitly declare invalid input to be treated as an error. @kevinAlbs thoughts?

Reviewer: I think these behaviors of `bson_new_from_json` and `bson_init_from_json` are surprising:

1. `{"a": 1} {"b": 2}` is parsed the same as `{"a": 1}`.
2. `{"a": 1},{"b": 2}` is parsed the same as `{"a": 1, "b": 2}`.

`bson_new_from_json` and `bson_init_from_json` document:

> Only a single JSON object may exist in ``data`` or an error will be set and NULL returned.

That suggests (1) is expected to error and this is a bug in the behavior. I suggest:
- Change the behavior of (1) to be an error for `bson_new_from_json` and `bson_init_from_json`.
- Document in `bson_new_from_json` and `bson_init_from_json` that reading multiple documents should use `bson_reader_t`. If users are mistakenly relying on this behavior, this may help to discover the recommended solution. Here is an example using `bson_reader_t`:

```c
{
    const char *input = BSON_STR ({"a" : 1} {"b" : 2});
    bson_json_reader_t *reader =
        bson_json_data_reader_new (false /* allow multiple */, 0);
    bson_json_data_reader_ingest (
        reader, (const uint8_t *) input, strlen (input));
    // Check first document.
    {
        bson_t got = BSON_INITIALIZER;
        ASSERT_CMPINT (bson_json_reader_read (reader, &got, &error), ==, 1);
        ASSERT (bson_equal (&got, tmp_bson ("{'a': 1}")));
    }
    // Check second document.
    {
        bson_t got = BSON_INITIALIZER;
        ASSERT_CMPINT (bson_json_reader_read (reader, &got, &error), ==, 1);
        ASSERT (bson_equal (&got, tmp_bson ("{'b': 2}")));
    }
    // Check exhausted.
    {
        bson_t got = BSON_INITIALIZER;
        ASSERT_CMPINT (bson_json_reader_read (reader, &got, &error), ==, 0);
    }
    bson_json_reader_destroy (reader);
}
```

I am less sure about (2). If (2) is changed to error, should it also error in `bson_json_reader_read`? If so, that may not be as easy for users to work around. 

My inclination is to document (2) parsing behavior as deprecated, and file a CDRIVER ticket with fixVersion 2.0.0 to consider removing this behavior in a the next major release.

@jmikola was CDRIVER-4533 motivated by seeing strings of multiple documents passed to `bson_new_from_json` or `bson_init_from_json`? I want to know if there are known use cases for this parsing behavior.

Reviewer 3: I don't recall [CDRIVER-4533](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/CDRIVER-4533) being motivated by any runtime tests. It was just something I noticed while reading the code.

It's still not clear to me where the parsing behavior in (2) is coming from. Is this entirely caused by jsonsl, or something in libbson?

Given that the functions were already documented as only accepting a single JSON object, I don't see any reason this can't be considered a longstanding bug fix.

Otherwise, an error will be set and NULL returned. 

> Errors

Reviewer: Suggest adding tests for this behavior. That will prevent code changes from breaking this now documented behavior.
